welcome back to 5-minute reviews ladies
and gentlemen this week's movie is bad
brain candy bunningham translation I'm
crazy about free I'm free
so a quick synopsis the movie as usual
sunshine played by Kareena Kapoor gets
like a proposal from a very rate
successful businessman from from the US
is there spring he comes to India the
family welcomes him they get all like
affiliated and then sentimental falling
in love with praying however the family
to school soon discovers that the real
frame the businessman he has arrived
from from the US yet he's coming to like
he just reaching India now to praying
that sunjin is in love let us type a
heretic roshan and frame the businessman
is played by Abhishek Bachchan funny
thing is they both worked for each other
so I don't know whatever what happens at
the end
well sometimes a Marion crane which
premium ask the plane she was in love
with played by her devotion now after I
told you the concern offs of the story
you guys might be thinking hey this is
might be a little bit confusing but
seems like an interesting story believe
me when I tell you this it's the best
movie I've ever seen in my life
right throughout the entire movie I was
on the edge of my seat passed out the
acting was so intense and the movies
like the movie story was so original
that I had to bite my arm shall go of
times to ensure that I don't end up
falling asleep whenever I felt drowsy
this movie is just you know what no okay
this movie I hated this movie man I like
to you completely except except for the
part of me biting my arm and passing out
four times throughout this movie why do
people make movies like that man
honestly like what goes through their
head I should move to Bollywood and I
know I'm gonna end up being a
millionaire so this movie Oh God
like Sanjana was not under pressure to
marry frame the businessman throughout
the entire movie like her mother tried
to like you know emotionally blackmail
her here and there but her dad and
everybody else all of her friends were
on her side
so third but the third point though the
third part of the third act of the movie
was completely pointless other than that
this particular movie um you know what
usually I talk to you guys about the
good things I liked about the movie but
to be honest this movie has nothing I
actually liked the only reason why this
movie isn't in the other segment is cuz
there's not enough in the movie itself
to make fun of it
let's start with acting my god heretic
roshan was so over the top like
everything in the freaking world was
beautiful and interesting to him he's
almost like on TV the garden is so
beautiful on see these plastic cups look
at these hands they're they're so
perfectly coordinated like wow dude did
you forget your meds or like what kind
of drugs are you on and Kareena Kapoor
like Sanjana she acted exactly like Sonu
Nigam from Johnny Bushman he was all
like chortle chortle made of Michael and
she's all like cello cream Chalmers off
like wow man like the AB directed not
pay attention to these guys the only one
that was even decent was a bishop budget
he acted a little bit of like a stalker
but whatever it worked out pretty well
now the story man oh man usually the guy
in the girl they don't have tongue the
third party about their loves because
you know the girl is engaged and to be
and she's gonna be give me any marry
soon like we talked the head or the dad
game or dad like the father he gave his
word in the guide like most of those the
girl games or the dad just gave his
goddamn word like the father
even user however none of these were the
scenario in this case so I I don't
understand why they had to stretch it
out so much like she could have just
told the pram the business spurned the
truth any given time she just chose not
to at the end when she did like she
should told them earlier on because the
family was so nice they would have
understood what she's talking about just
like Honda did at the very end right but
obviously they had to show some sort of
drama out of it I she agreed to the
engagement then during the engagement
she runs into the arms of her lover thus
completely ruled like ruining her
family's rep in the community and then
she tells him the truth and whatever
emojis it is just tell the guy the truth
before the engagement so that these
display your family's rough name on her
whatever you want to call it at least
that's not ruin in the community like
she had she could have told at any given
time there was a little pressure in the
movie so I don't know I don't know man
you know like I think this is time to
give it a reading I'm gonna give this
movie eight garbage hands out of eight
like this movie kids obviously this is
the worst one of the worst movies I've
seen the acting was not acting was
completely atrocious the the CG parent
and the dog animations were pointless
and the story I've ever even consider
this the story at all we just dried out
like there was no purpose to it
whatsoever though they tried to make it
all dramatic but they completely failed
like shame on you mr. director guy you
gave us like movies like many pyaar kiya
or Hamad King Khan
um sauce off and they were good movies
like I have much annual but then then I
heard people liking them so what the
hell were you on when he decided to make
a movie like this whatever man guys
don't don't watch this movie just just
don't alright with that said this is
five signing off chef